README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Anupma Mishra</h1>
<p align="center">
🌱 Frontend Developer | MCA Student | Open Source Enthusiast  
💻 Passionate about building responsive web apps and learning new tech  
</p>

---

### 👩‍💻 About Me

- 🎓 B.Sc. Computer Science from SHUATS | Pursuing MCA from IGNOU  
- 🧠 Interning at CodeAlpha (Frontend)  
- 🏆 Team Leader at Uptoskills | Contributor at ElevateLabs  
- 🚀 Running a 30-day JavaScript challenge  
- 🎯 Preparing for GSSoC 2025 and government exams  
- 🤝 Passionate about teamwork, leadership, and social responsibility (NSS)

---

### 🛠️ Tech Stack

![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-E34F26?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS3-1572B6?style=flat&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DAFB?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=black)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Bootstrap-563D7C?style=flat&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
![WordPress](https://img.shields.io/badge/-WordPress-21759B?style=flat&logo=wordpress&logoColor=white)
![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Canva-00C4CC?style=flat&logo=canva&logoColor=white)

---

### 📊 GitHub Stats

![Anupma's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=AnupmaMishra12&show_icons=true&theme=radical)
![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=AnupmaMishra12&layout=compact&theme=radical)

---

### 📫 Connect with Me

- 💼 [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/anupma-mishra/)
- 💻 [GitHub](https://github.com/AnupmaMishra12)
- 📧 Email: anupmamishra485@gmail.com

---

### 💬 Quote I Live By

> “Consistency beats intensity. One step a day builds the way.”

---

Commit message:

add milestone details in README
added milestone details for accessibility and UI polish contributions.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Anupama Mishra</h1>
<p align="center">
🌱 Frontend Developer | MCA Student | Open Source Enthusiast  
💻 Passionate about building responsive web apps and learning new tech  
</p>

---

### 👩‍💻 About Me

- 🎓 B.Sc. Computer Science from SHUATS | Pursuing MCA from IGNOU  
- 🧠 Interning at CodeAlpha (Frontend)  
- 🏆 Team Leader at Uptoskills | Contributor at ElevateLabs  
- 🚀 Running a 30-day JavaScript challenge  
- 🎯 Preparing for GSSoC 2025 and government exams  
- 🤝 Passionate about teamwork, leadership, and social responsibility (NSS)

---

### 🛠️ Tech Stack

![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-E34F26?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS3-1572B6?style=flat&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DAFB?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=black)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Bootstrap-563D7C?style=flat&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
![WordPress](https://img.shields.io/badge/-WordPress-21759B?style=flat&logo=wordpress&logoColor=white)
![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Canva-00C4CC?style=flat&logo=canva&logoColor=white)

---
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://copilot.microsoft.com/th/id/BCO.e1f053bb-6951-4d0f-8bb4-f1cb806a5669.png" width="200" />
</p>


### 🌟 Milestone: Accessibility & UI Polish (3 PRs)

As part of my open-source learning journey, I contributed to beginner-friendly projects with a focus on accessibility, semantic HTML, and UI enhancements.

#### ✅ Pull Requests Submitted:
- [Counter App – Semantic & UI Polish](https://github.com/04Shubhankar/20_HTML-CSS-JS-Beginner-Projects/pull/3)
- [VIBGYOR Color App – Logic & Styling](https://github.com/04Shubhankar/20_HTML-CSS-JS-Beginner-Projects/pull/4)
- [Form Validator – Accessibility Enhancements](https://github.com/04Shubhankar/20_HTML-CSS-JS-Beginner-Projects/pull/5)

These PRs improve screen reader compatibility, responsive layout, and beginner-friendly structure — making the project more inclusive and impactful for learners.
---
### 📊 GitHub Stats

![Anupma's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=AnupmaMishra12&show_icons=true&theme=radical)
![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=AnupmaMishra12&layout=compact&theme=radical)

---

### 📫 Connect with Me

- 💼 [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/anupma-mishra/)
- 💻 [GitHub](https://github.com/AnupmaMishra12)
- 📧 [Email](anupmamishra485@gmail.com)

---

### 💬 Quote I Live By

> “Consistency beats intensity. One step a day builds the way.”

---
